As I understand it:

For each GUI screen:
Iteration 1 - Matt's design - Previous Iteration = none
Iteration 2 - Shane's design - Previous Iteration = none
Iteration 3 - Dave's design - Previous Iteration = none
Iteration 4 - Rowan's design - Previous Iteration = none
Iteration 5 - Damian's design - Previous Iteration = none
Iteration 6 - Teams's design - Previous Iteration = 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5
This will give us 6 stages (5 is the minimum) for 1 mark!



From Web CT:
Prototype Report

If during the design process you think you would get more information out of prototyping rather than doing other design documents, it is necessary for you to produce a report about the prototype developed. These reports form part of your design report and are Word documents.

A prototype could be developed for two reasons:

   1. To develop an interface to get feedback from the client
   2. To test out something technical to see if it is possible

A prototype has a definite single purpose. The end result should be something that you can use in the implementation or discard.

A prototype is generally developed iteratively (or in stages). Receiving feedback from someone(s) generally concludes an iteration (or stage). Feedback can only come from people not involved in the development. Feedback in the early stages can be from other team members, but for at least the final stage feedback should come from a member(s) of the testing team or client.

A prototype report should include the following sections:

    1. A description of what you were testing with this prototype series.

    2. For each iteration (or stage) include:

        * An iteration number
        * A description of the prototype, include enough information to distinguish it from other stages.
        * The iteration number of previous prototype (not necessarily the one before)
        * Name the developers
        * If the prototype included interfaces, include screen dumps if possible
        * What was the feedback
              o Who gave it
              o Date
              o What did they say (good and bad)
        * Status
              o Approach abandoned
              o Approved by most people and finished
              o Another iteration required

